Nathan-
Couch to bar
Walls are holes?
Moving right when collecting is difficult
No point in not collecting
Spam shooting
Wood = chocolate
Doesn't understand doors, maybe put doors closer
Door wording vauge
Junk pile gives sunglasses
Repaired the door outside, couldn't see remove message
Got lost outside (noob)
Zombie was out of the bounds
Map is maybe too big
No damage notification
Not sure where the parts where
Tree density on edges
Enemies are overlooked
Icons are not interpretable
No idea of attacks
Bullets marshmallow
Light inside of house
No reason to not shoot
Meant to be scary but enemies aren't threatening
Only remember gun shots
Get motorcycle part soon to help you understand

Xingyun-
Spam clicking constantly, never half
Didn't move for a while
Maybe start with enough wood to fix one phase
Ran around to the corner
Just ran away
Make junk piles more motorcycle like?
Zombies disappearing on screen?
Just ran in circles
But getting mogged
Smashing dash out of boredom
Didn't identify motorcycle parts, knew they were in the junk pile
Ghost doesn't deal damage
Cool down for damage should be per zombie
Doesn't see usefulness in door
Going outside isn't restraining
If it's darker zombies can be spawned closer
Flashlight for outdoors
Room by room like RE or Don't Starve survival based


Dylan

Adam
Only noticed top entrance
Non normalized movement makes you too fast?
Don't get anything from shooting enemies
Enimes have more health at night?
Doesn't know what the second resource is
Had played cod zombies before
Is it day again?
Second door floor is too dark
"Took some damage, I did not notice it"
Shooting and moving is fun
Boss zombies at night
Better trash piles if they're far away
Junk piles are just fast ways to get wood, thought it after 2.


Some other things that got brought up that I'm not entirely sure how to fix. Someone mentioned that since you can move and collect at the same time there's no point in not constantly collecting. Another person mentioned that he liked the fact that you could move and collect so maybe this isn't an issue. Similarly since there's no penalty for shooting people were constantly firing the gun. Adding spread could help, but since tap fire is currently faster that holding shoot down tap fire would get around this fix.
